Update trusted-hardware-identity-management.md (#118130)
Azure/azure-content: articles/security/fundamentals/trusted-hardware-identity-management.md

The Azure Data Center Attestation Primitives (DCAP) library, a replacement for Intel Quote Provider Library (QPL), fetches quote generation collateral and quote validation collateral directly from the Trusted Hardware Identity Management service. Fetching collateral directly from the Trusted Hardware Identity Management service ensures that all Azure hosts have collateral readily available within the Azure cloud to reduce external dependencies. The current recommended version of the DCAP library is 1.11.2.

### Where can I download the latest Azure DCAP library?

Use the following links to download the packages:

- [Ubuntu 20.04](https://packages.microsoft.com/ubuntu/20.04/prod/pool/main/a/az-dcap-client/az-dcap-client_1.12.0_amd64.deb)
- [Ubuntu 18.04](https://packages.microsoft.com/ubuntu/18.04/prod/pool/main/a/az-dcap-client/az-dcap-client_1.12.0_amd64.deb)
- [Windows](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Azure.DCAP/1.12.0)

> For newer versions of Ubuntu, e.g., Ubuntu 22.04, you have to use the [Intel QPL](#how-do-i-use-intel-qpl-with-trusted-hardware-identity-management).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For newer versions of Ubuntu (for example, Ubuntu 22.04), you have to use the [Intel QPL](#how-do-i-use-intel-qpl-with-trusted-hardware-identity-management).
```
